introduce "compiler-team contributors" (#2689)
rust-lang/rfcs: text/0000-compiler-team-contributors.md

  the Rust All Hands.
  
It also implies some obligations (in some cases, optional obligations):

- Contributors will be asked if they wish to be added to highfive rotation.
- Contributors are held to a higher standard than ordinary folk when
  it comes to the [Code of Conduct][CoC].

### Compiler team members
  
As a contributor gains in experience, they may be asked to become a
**compiler team member**. This implies that they are not only a
regular contributor, but are actively helping to shape the direction
of the team or some part of the compiler (or multiple parts).

- Compiler team members are the ones who select when people should be
  promoted to compiler team contributor or to the level of member.
- Compiler team members are consulted on FCP decisions (which, in the
  compiler team, are relatively rare).
- Working groups must always include at least one compiler team member
  as a lead (though groups may have other leads who are not yet full
  members).
  
### How promotion decisions are made
[hdam]: #how-promotion-decisions-are-made

Promotion decisions (from participant to contributor, and from
contributor to member) are made by having an active team member send

> an e-mail to the alias `compiler-private@github.com`. This e-mail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an e-mail to the alias `compiler-private@rust-lang.org`. This e-mail
```

kinds of groups within the set of members, such that one rarely pings
the full set of members.

# Prior art
[prior-art]: #prior-art

The compiler team has always drawn a distinction between r+
privileges, which were granted relatively easily, and full team
membership. However, the rules and expectations were not formally
written out as they are here. Many other projects seem to operate in a
similarly informal fashion (e.g., @goldfirere indicates that GHC tends
to give privileges ["when someone starts contributing a
lot"](https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/pull/52#discussion_r274750230)).

Here is a brief survey (by no means complete) of the process used in a few other
open source communities:

- Mozilla: [gaining commit access requires a small number of "module
  owners or peers" to vouch for
  you](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/governance/policies/commit/access-policy/)
  (the precise amount depends on the code). However, gaining the ability to
  review code (known as becoming a "peer" for the module) is [done at the
  discretion of the module owner](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/governance/policies/module-ownership/).

> - Python: Becoming a core developer tyipically starts when a core

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Python: Becoming a core developer typically starts when a core
```
